>> Lukas Ruebbelke: But
in our application,
you'll notice that nothing's there yet.
So let's go ahead and
generate some components.
So we're kind of shifting gears now,
and we're going into our
dashboard application.
Now because it is the default application,
I'm not having to prefix this
with --project = dashboard.
But, if you had multiple
applications you would need
to specify that this is actually
where I want this to go.
But, because we have one
it just defaults to it.
So, ng g c, or
actually if you're generating,
and I recommend, if you're generating
a feature kind of a component,
a top-level component,
that's going to hold additional things?
Typically, in my mind, I think about,
are you going to route to this component?
Is this particular feature, is it distinct
enough that it warrants its own route?
I think of that as kind
of a feature component.
And so when I do that,
I would generate a module first and
then I'll put in the component.
So, ng g m for module, we're gonna go
home and we're going to go routing.
And so what this is going to do is
it's going to generate the module but
it's also going to generate
the ability to route to it.
It's gonna generate
the route piece as well
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then now that we
have the module built,
then let's generate the component.
So ng, g for generate,
c for component, home.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now let's
just look at this real quick.
If we go up to our dashboard,
you can see we have our,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: App and
our home component which
we have our module here.
Let's just zoom this back out.
And so pretty much a pretty standard,
this is a very, is angular season, this
is the most basic module that you need.
Common module and
then notice it has the whole
running module that if I click into that
then we just have an empty rounding table.
So more on that later.
And then if we look as well real quick,
that we also have our top level component.
Remember we did- P app,
so we have the selector.
Home component html, css, and
the body of our component class.